website/integrations: add papra (#15093)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/services/papra/index.mdx

    - **Application**: provide a descriptive name, an optional group for the type of application, the policy engine mode, and optional UI settings.
    - **Choose a Provider type**: select **OAuth2/OpenID Connect** as the provider type.
    - **Configure the Provider**: provide a name (or accept the auto-provided name), the authorization flow to use for this provider, and the following required configurations.
        - Note the **Client ID**, **Client Secret**, and **Slug** values because they will be required later.
        - Set a `Strict` redirect URI to `https://papra.company/api/auth/oauth2/callback/authentik`.
        - Select any available signing key.
    - **Configure Bindings** _(optional)_: you can create a [binding](/docs/add-secure-apps/flows-stages/bindings/) (policy, group, or user) to manage the listing and access to applications on a user's **My applications** page.

3. Click **Submit** to save the new application and provider.

## Papra configuration

> Add the following environment variable to your Papra deployment and ensure that you update the client ID, client secret, and application slug:

Reviewer: we can either keep the "ensure" mention or remove it, whatever is best in your opinion. However, it's clear in the env file what goes where and the previous section asks the user to take note of x, y, and z. Personally, id replace it with something like:

```suggestion
To support the integration of Papra with authentik, you'll need to update the environment file of your Papra deployment:
```

```yaml

> AUTH_PROVIDERS_CUSTOMS=[{"providerId": "authentik","providerName": "authentik","providerIconUrl": "https://api.iconify.design/tabler:login-2.svg","clientId": "client id from authentik","clientSecret": "client secret from authentik","type": "oidc","discoveryUrl": "https://authentik.company/application/o/<application_slug>/.well-known/openid-configuration","scopes": ["openid", "profile", "email"]}]

Author: Changed it to an authentik icon/URL

> AUTH_PROVIDERS_CUSTOMS=[{"providerId": "authentik","providerName": "authentik","providerIconUrl": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/goauthentik/authentik/refs/heads/main/web/icons/icon.svg","clientId": "client id from authentik","clientSecret": "client secret from authentik","type": "oidc","discoveryUrl": "https://authentik.company/application/o/<application_slug>/.well-known/openid-configuration","scopes": ["openid", "profile", "email"]}]

Author: It's already set to the svg icon. Maybe you were working off an older version before I updated it?

```

:::note

> The JSON needs to be inline because various `.env` parsers, such as the one used by docker compose, do not support multiline environment variables.

Reviewer: I mean- if they follow our code block it's going to be inline. However, if we do decide to keep this bit, "docker compose" -> "Docker Compose" as per the docs

Reviewer: ![IMG_1819](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e6e10b66-7e7f-4627-82c9-628f98fc9073)

Author: I've updated the capitalization. I like the note because the Papra documentation doesn't have the JSON inline and therefore doesn't work.
